document new private rule flow via semgrep publish (#446)
returntocorp/semgrep-docs: docs/writing-rules/private-rules.md

## Getting started

> Run 

Reviewer: Include some introduction to this section.

```suggestion
To create private rules, follow these steps:
```

```
semgrep login

> semgrep publish myrules/

Reviewer: You cannot put two separate actions into one code snippet.

Where do we need to run this command (the original document states that you need to run it in a directory where you have your YAML rule file).

1. Run the following command (TODO - evaluate - in the file where you have YAML rule file):
```
semgrep login
```

It seems that there are more steps that this procedure missed.

![Screenshot 2022-02-25 at 15 01 40](https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/26669307/155733204-d72ea656-8b45-4481-b599-1f0a72e3c7a5.jpg)

2.  Run the following command:
```
semgrep publish myrules/
```

```

> Test cases will be included as well (see [testing Semgrep rules](../writing-rules/testing-rules)).

Author: We could expand it, but most users will already know what this means if they are writing test cases, and if not it's better for them to just read the full docs there.

> You can also publish rules as unlisted with the same command:

Reviewer: What do rules published as unlisted mean?

```
semgrep publish --visiblity=unlisted myrules/
```

## Automatically Publishing Rules

> Here is a sample Github Actions workflow to automatically publish rules from a private Git repo after they are merged:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This section provides a sample of GitHub Actions workflow to automatically publish rules from a private Git repository after they are merged:
```
`after they are merged` - maybe after GitHub Actions are merged?

GitHub, not Github. Repository, not repo.

```
name: semgrep-publish

on:
  push:
    branches:
    - main

jobs:
  publish:
    name: public-private-semgrep-rules
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
    - uses: actions/checkout@v2
      with:
        path: semgrep-rules
    - name: publish private semgrep rules
      run: |
        docker run --env SEMGREP_APP_TOKEN=$SEMGREP_APP_TOKEN --rm -v ${GITHUB_WORKSPACE}/semgrep-rules:/src returntocorp/semgrep:develop publish --visibility=org_private /src
      env:
        SEMGREP_APP_TOKEN: ${{ secrets.SEMGREP_APP_TOKEN }}
```

> ## FAQ

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Appendix

Private rules are only visible to members of your organization. Other organizations cannot see your private rules.
```
